CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to contribute to ZITADEL

## Did you find a bug?

Please file an issue [here](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=).

Bugs are evaluated every day as soon as possible.

## Enhancement

Do you miss a feature? Please file an issue [here](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=)

Enhancements are discussed and evaluated every Wednesday by the ZITADEL core team.

## Grab an Issues

We add the label "good first issue" for problems we think are a good starting point to contribute to ZITADEL.

* [Issues for first time contributors](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
* [All issues](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues)

## Want to start ZITADEL?

Checkout the following chapters to start ZITADEL locally.

### Build for local development

* Check out our [development guide](guides/development.md).

### Quick start

* Check out our [quick start guide](guides/quickstart.md).

## **Did you find a security flaw?**

* Please read [Security Policy](SECURITY.md).

Commit message:

docs: Contribution guide in readme

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to contribute to ZITADEL

## Did you find a bug?

Please file an issue [here](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=).

Bugs are evaluated every day as soon as possible.

## Enhancement

Do you miss a feature? Please file an issue [here](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=)

Enhancements are discussed and evaluated every Wednesday by the ZITADEL core team.

## Grab an Issues

We add the label "good first issue" for problems we think are a good starting point to contribute to ZITADEL.

* [Issues for first time contributors](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
* [All issues](https://github.com/caos/zitadel/issues)

### Make a PR

If you like to contribute fork the ZITADEL repository. After you implemented the new feature create a PullRequest in the ZITADEL reposiotry.

Make sure you use semantic release. 
feat: New Feature
fix: Bug Fix
docs: Documentation

## Want to start ZITADEL?

Checkout the following chapters to start ZITADEL locally.

### Build for local development

* Check out our [development guide](guides/development.md).

### Quick start

* Check out our [quick start guide](guides/quickstart.md).

## **Did you find a security flaw?**

* Please read [Security Policy](SECURITY.md).
