site/docs/administrate/07-policies.en.md, before:

---
title: Policies
---

### What are policies

Policies are a means of enforcing certain behaviour of ZITADEL.
ZITADEL defines a default policy on the system level. However an organisation owner can change these aspects within his own organisation.

Below is a list of available policies

### Password complexity

This policy enforces passwords of users within the org. to be compliant.

- min length
- has number
- has symbol
- has lower case
- has upper case

> Screenshot here

### IAM Access Preference

This policy enforces, when set to true, that usernames are suffixed with the organisations domain.
Under normal operation this policy is only false on the `global` org. so that users can choose their email as their username.
Only available for the `IAM Administrator`

> Screenshot here

### Login Options

With this policy it is possible to define what options a user sees in the login process.

- Username Password allowed
- Self Register allowed
- External IDP allowed
- List of allowed external IDPs

> Screenshot here

### Audit policy changes

> Screenshot here

### Upcoming Policies

- Password age
- Password failure count

Commit message:

docs: improvement to semantics (#944)
* rename to overview

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* examples

* ts example

* wip with grafana

* add grafana tutorial

* screenshots and grafana

* figure out oauth proxy

* authz oauth proxy

* move img

* merge from master

* reviewed documentation

* reviewed documentation

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* examples

* ts example

* wip with grafana

* screenshots and grafana

* figure out oauth proxy

* authz oauth proxy

* move img

* merge from master

* cleaned up name for management roles

* corrected small typo in code

* Intro for orgs, spelling, ref to mgmt roles

* removed inline comments

* Update 00-quick-start.en.md

* Update 02-organisations.en.md

* Update site/docs/administrate/03-projects.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

* Update 03-projects.en.md

* Update 04-clients.en.md

* Update site/docs/administrate/07-policies.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

* Update 09-authorizations.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

site/docs/administrate/07-policies.en.md, after:

---
title: Policies
---

### What are policies

Policies are a means of enforcing certain behaviour of ZITADEL.
ZITADEL defines a default policy on the system level. However an organisation owner can change these aspects within his own organisation.

### Available policies

Below is a list of available policies

#### Password complexity

This policy enforces passwords of users within the organization to be compliant.

- min length
- has number
- has symbol
- has lower case
- has upper case

> Screenshot here

#### IAM Access Preference

If enabled, this policy enforces that usernames are suffixed with the organisations domain.
Under normal operation this policy is only false on the `global` organisation, so that users can choose their email as their username.

Only available for the [IAM Administrator](administrate#ZITADEL_Administrators).

> Screenshot here

#### Login Options

With this policy it is possible to define what options a user sees in the login process:

- Username Password allowed
- Self Register allowed
- External IDP allowed
- List of allowed external IDPs

> Screenshot here

#### Audit policy changes

> Screenshot here

### Upcoming Policies

- Password age
- Password failure count
