site/docs/administrate/08-providers.en.md, before:

---
title: Identity Providers
---

### What are Identity Providers

Identity providers or in short idps are external systems to which **ZITADEL** can create a **federation** or use their **directory service**.
Normally federation uses protocols like [OpenID Connect 1.0](https://openid.net/connect/), [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) and [SAML 2.0](http://docs.oasis-open.org/security/saml/Post2.0/sstc-saml-tech-overview-2.0.html).

Some examples include:

#### Social Providers

- Google Account
- Microsoft Live Account
- Apple ID
- GitHub
- GitLab
- ...

#### Enterprise Providers**

- Azure AD Tenant
- Gsuite hosted domain
- ...

### Generic

- ADFS
- ADDS
- Keycloak
- LDAP

### What is Identity Brokering

ZITADEL supports the usage as identity broker, by linking multiple external idps into one user.
With identity brokering the client which relies on ZITADEL does not need to care about the linking of identity.

### Manage Identity Providers

> Screenshot here

### Federation Protocols

Currently supported are the following protocols.

- OpenID Connect 1.0
- OAuth 2.0

SAML 2.0 will follow later on.

### Storage Federation

> This is a work in progress.

Storage federation is a means of integrating existing identity storage like [LDAP](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4511) and [ADDS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/identity/ad-ds/get-started/virtual-dc/active-directory-domain-services-overview).
With this process **ZITADEL** can authenticate users with LDAP Binding and SPNEGO for ADDS. It is also possible to synchronize the users just-in-time or scheduled.

#### Sync Settings

Here we will document all the different sync options

- Read-only
- Writeback
- just-in-time sync
- scheduled sync

> TBD

### Audit identity provider changes

> Screenshot here

Commit message:

docs: improvement to semantics (#944)
* rename to overview

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* examples

* ts example

* wip with grafana

* add grafana tutorial

* screenshots and grafana

* figure out oauth proxy

* authz oauth proxy

* move img

* merge from master

* reviewed documentation

* reviewed documentation

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* examples

* ts example

* wip with grafana

* screenshots and grafana

* figure out oauth proxy

* authz oauth proxy

* move img

* merge from master

* cleaned up name for management roles

* corrected small typo in code

* Intro for orgs, spelling, ref to mgmt roles

* removed inline comments

* Update 00-quick-start.en.md

* Update 02-organisations.en.md

* Update site/docs/administrate/03-projects.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

* Update 03-projects.en.md

* Update 04-clients.en.md

* Update site/docs/administrate/07-policies.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

* Update 09-authorizations.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

site/docs/administrate/08-providers.en.md, after:

---
title: Identity Providers
---

### What are Identity Providers

Identity providers or in short idps are external systems to which **ZITADEL** can create a **federation** or use their **directory service**.
Normally federation uses protocols like [OpenID Connect 1.0](https://openid.net/connect/), [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) and [SAML 2.0](http://docs.oasis-open.org/security/saml/Post2.0/sstc-saml-tech-overview-2.0.html).

Some examples include:

**Social Providers**

- Google Account
- Microsoft Live Account
- Apple ID
- GitHub
- GitLab
- ...

**Enterprise Providers**

- Azure AD Tenant
- Gsuite hosted domain
- ...

**Generic**

- ADFS
- ADDS
- Keycloak
- LDAP

### What is Identity Brokering

ZITADEL supports the usage as identity broker, by linking multiple external IDPs into one user.
With identity brokering the client, that relies on ZITADEL, doesn't need to care about the linking of identity.

<details>
    <summary>Example</summary>
    tbd.
</details>

### Manage Identity Providers

> Screenshot here

### Federation Protocols

Currently supported are the following protocols.

- OpenID Connect 1.0
- OAuth 2.0

SAML 2.0 will follow later on.

### Storage Federation

> This is a work in progress.

Storage federation is a means of integrating existing identity storage like [LDAP](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4511) and [ADDS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/identity/ad-ds/get-started/virtual-dc/active-directory-domain-services-overview).
With this process **ZITADEL** can authenticate users with LDAP Binding and SPNEGO for ADDS. It is also possible to synchronize the users just-in-time or scheduled.

#### Sync Settings

Here we will document all the different sync options

- Read-only
- Writeback
- just-in-time sync
- scheduled sync

> TBD

### Audit identity provider changes

> Screenshot here
