site/docs/administrate/09-authorisations.en.md, before:

---
title: Authorisations
---

### What are Authorisations

**ZITADEL** thinks of authorisations as resource who clearly defines which user has what roles. Authorisations are also called "user grant".

### Manage Authorisations

You can grant Roles directly on a project. Or, if the user is in your organisation, by apply in the roles to the user directly.
Additionaly you can use the authorization menu item to search for a user and project.

<div class="zitadel-gallery" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageGallery">
    <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_overview.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_overview.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations Overview" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations Overview</figcaption>
    </figure>
        <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_add_1.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_add_1.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations 1" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations 1</figcaption>
    </figure>
        <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_add_2.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_add_2.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations 2" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations 2</figcaption>
    </figure>
    <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_add_3.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_add_3.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations 3" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations 3</figcaption>
    </figure>
</div>

- [Manage Project Authorisations](administrate#Manage_Project_Authorisations)
- [Manage User Authorisations](administrate#Manage_User_Authorisations)

Commit message:

docs: improvement to semantics (#944)
* rename to overview

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* examples

* ts example

* wip with grafana

* add grafana tutorial

* screenshots and grafana

* figure out oauth proxy

* authz oauth proxy

* move img

* merge from master

* reviewed documentation

* reviewed documentation

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* wip

* examples

* ts example

* wip with grafana

* screenshots and grafana

* figure out oauth proxy

* authz oauth proxy

* move img

* merge from master

* cleaned up name for management roles

* corrected small typo in code

* Intro for orgs, spelling, ref to mgmt roles

* removed inline comments

* Update 00-quick-start.en.md

* Update 02-organisations.en.md

* Update site/docs/administrate/03-projects.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

* Update 03-projects.en.md

* Update 04-clients.en.md

* Update site/docs/administrate/07-policies.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

* Update 09-authorizations.en.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Forster <florian@caos.ch>

site/docs/administrate/09-authorisations.en.md, after:

---
title: Authorizations
---

### What are Authorizations

**ZITADEL** thinks of authorizations as resource who clearly defines which user has what roles. Authorizations are also called "user grant".

### Manage Authorizations

You can grant Roles directly on a project. Or, if the user is in your organisation, by apply in the roles to the user directly.
Additionaly you can use the authorization menu item to search for a user and project.

<div class="zitadel-gallery" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageGallery">
    <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_overview.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_overview.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations Overview" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations Overview</figcaption>
    </figure>
        <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_add_1.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_add_1.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations 1" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations 1</figcaption>
    </figure>
        <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_add_2.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_add_2.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations 2" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations 2</figcaption>
    </figure>
    <figure itemprop="associatedMedia" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/ImageObject">
        <a href="img/console_authz_add_3.png" itemprop="contentUrl" data-size="1920x1080">
            <img src="img/console_authz_add_3.png" itemprop="thumbnail" alt="Manage Authorisations 3" />
        </a>
        <figcaption itemprop="caption description">Manage Authorisations 3</figcaption>
    </figure>
</div>

- [Manage Project Authorisations](administrate#Manage_Project_Authorisations)
- [Manage User Authorisations](administrate#Manage_User_Authorisations)
