docs/docs/legal/service-level-description.md, before:

---
title: Service Level
custom_edit_url: null
--- 

This document contains Service Levels for the Subscription Services provided by CAOS to our Customers and is an addition to the ZITADEL Cloud terms of service.

## Definitions

**Monthly Uptime Percentage** means total number of minutes in a month, minus the number of minutes of Downtime suffered from all Downtime Periods in a month, divided by the total number of minutes in a month.

**Downtime Period** means a period of one or more consecutive minutes of Downtime. Partial minutes or intermittent Downtime for a period of less than one minute will not count towards any Downtime Period.

**Downtime** means any period of time in which Core Services are not Available within the Region of the customer’s organization. Downtime excludes any time in which ZITADEL Cloud is not Available because of
- Announced maintenance work
- Emergency maintenance
- Force majeure events.

**Available** means that Core Services of ZITADEL Cloud respond to Customer Requests in such a way that results in a Successful Minute. The Availability of Core Services will be monitored from CAOS’ facilities from black-box monitoring jobs.

**Successful Minute** means a minute in which ZITADEL cloud is not repeatedly returning Failed Customer Requests and includes minutes in which no Customer Request were made.

**Customer Requests** means a HTTP GET request made by a Customer or a Customers’ users to Core Services within the Customer’s organization’s region.

**Successful Minute** means a minute in which Auth0 is not repeatedly returning Failed Customer Requests and includes minutes in which no Customer Requests were made.

Failed Customer Request means Customer Requests that 
- Returns an server error; or
- is received by ZITADEL Cloud and results in no response where one is expected

This excludes specifically: 
- Failed Customer Requests due to malformed requests, client-side application errors outside of ZITADEL Cloud’s control
- Customer Requests that do not reach ZITADEL Cloud Core Services

**Core Services** means the following ZITADEL Cloud Services and API’s: 
- **Authentication API** Endpoints
- **OpenID Connect 1.0 / OAuth 2.0 API** Endpoints
- **Login Service** means the graphical user interface of ZITADEL Cloud for users to Login, Self-Register, and conduct a Password Reset.
- **Identity Brokering Service** means the component of ZITADEL Cloud that handles federated authentication of users with third-party identity provider, excluding any failure or misconfiguration by the third-party

**Financial Credit** means the percent of the monthly subscription fee applicable to the month in which the guaranteed service level was not met, according to the actual achieved monthly uptime percentage, as shown in the following table

Achieved vs.  Guaranteed| 99.50% | 99.90% | 99.95%
--- | --- | --- | ---
99.5% - < 99.9% | n/a | n/a | 10%
99.0% - < 99.5% | n/a | 10% | 25%
95.0% - < 99.0% | 10% | 25% | 50%
< 95.0% | 50% | 50% | 50%


## Service Levels

### Availability Objective

1. During the term of the subscription agreement under which CAOS has agreed to provide ZITADEL Cloud to Customer, the Core Services will provide a Monthly Uptime Percentage to Customer conditional on the subscription plan as follows (the “SLO”):

Subscription plan | Monthly Uptime Percentage
--- | ---
FREE | Not applicable
OUTPOST | 99.50%
STARBASE | 99.90%
FORTRESS | 99.95%

2. If CAOS AG does not meet the guaranteed service level, Customer might be eligible to receive Financial Credit as described in this document.
3. The Customer must request Financial Credit and must notify CAOS Support in writing within 30 days of becoming eligible for Financial Credit and must prove Failed Customer Requests during Downtime Periods. Financial Credit will be made in the form of a monetary credit applied to the next possible subscription invoice of ZITADEL Cloud,  may only be used to book services in the future, and will in no case be paid as a cash equivalent. No further guarantees are provided.
4. The Service Level commitments apply only to organizations with a subscription plan where a Service Level is applicable and does not include any other organizations of the same customer. The Customer is not entitled to any Financial Credit, if it is in breach of the Agreement at the time of the occurrence of the event giving rise to the credit.

### Quality of Service Objective

1. During the term of the subscription agreement under which CAOS has agreed to provide ZITADEL Cloud to Customer, the Customer Requests will be prioritized according to the the Quality of Service Level included in the respective Subscription Plan

Subscription plan | Quality of Service Level | Request Priority
--- | --- | ---
FREE | high | When ZITADEL Cloud receives concurrent requests, it will try to process these requests first, and with higher priority over other requests
OUTPOST | medium | Give way to requests with  priority ‘high’
STARBASE | low | Give way to requests with priority ‘high’ or ‘medium’
FORTRESS | best effort | No priority for requests

2. The Service Level commitments apply only to organizations with a subscription plan where a Service Level is applicable and does not include any other organizations of the same customer. Customers are not entitled to Financial Credit or further reimbursement.

Commit message:

updates intros w link to agreement

docs/docs/legal/service-level-description.md, after:

---
title: Service Level
custom_edit_url: null
--- 
## Introduction

This annex of the [Framework Agreement](terms-of-service) describes the service levels offered by us for our Services (ZITADEL Cloud).

## Definitions

**Monthly Uptime Percentage** means total number of minutes in a month, minus the number of minutes of Downtime suffered from all Downtime Periods in a month, divided by the total number of minutes in a month.

**Downtime Period** means a period of one or more consecutive minutes of Downtime. Partial minutes or intermittent Downtime for a period of less than one minute will not count towards any Downtime Period.

**Downtime** means any period of time in which Core Services are not Available within the Region of the customer’s organization. Downtime excludes any time in which ZITADEL Cloud is not Available because of
- Announced maintenance work
- Emergency maintenance
- Force majeure events.

**Available** means that Core Services of ZITADEL Cloud respond to Customer Requests in such a way that results in a Successful Minute. The Availability of Core Services will be monitored from CAOS’ facilities from black-box monitoring jobs.

**Successful Minute** means a minute in which ZITADEL cloud is not repeatedly returning Failed Customer Requests and includes minutes in which no Customer Request were made.

**Customer Requests** means a HTTP GET request made by a Customer or a Customers’ users to Core Services within the Customer’s organization’s region.

**Successful Minute** means a minute in which Auth0 is not repeatedly returning Failed Customer Requests and includes minutes in which no Customer Requests were made.

Failed Customer Request means Customer Requests that 
- Returns an server error; or
- is received by ZITADEL Cloud and results in no response where one is expected

This excludes specifically: 
- Failed Customer Requests due to malformed requests, client-side application errors outside of ZITADEL Cloud’s control
- Customer Requests that do not reach ZITADEL Cloud Core Services

**Core Services** means the following ZITADEL Cloud Services and API’s: 
- **Authentication API** Endpoints
- **OpenID Connect 1.0 / OAuth 2.0 API** Endpoints
- **Login Service** means the graphical user interface of ZITADEL Cloud for users to Login, Self-Register, and conduct a Password Reset.
- **Identity Brokering Service** means the component of ZITADEL Cloud that handles federated authentication of users with third-party identity provider, excluding any failure or misconfiguration by the third-party

**Financial Credit** means the percent of the monthly subscription fee applicable to the month in which the guaranteed service level was not met, according to the actual achieved monthly uptime percentage, as shown in the following table

Achieved vs.  Guaranteed| 99.50% | 99.90% | 99.95%
--- | --- | --- | ---
99.5% - < 99.9% | n/a | n/a | 10%
99.0% - < 99.5% | n/a | 10% | 25%
95.0% - < 99.0% | 10% | 25% | 50%
< 95.0% | 50% | 50% | 50%


## Service Levels

### Availability Objective

1. During the term of the subscription agreement under which CAOS has agreed to provide ZITADEL Cloud to Customer, the Core Services will provide a Monthly Uptime Percentage to Customer conditional on the subscription plan as follows (the “SLO”):

Subscription plan | Monthly Uptime Percentage
--- | ---
FREE | Not applicable
OUTPOST | 99.50%
STARBASE | 99.90%
FORTRESS | 99.95%

2. If CAOS AG does not meet the guaranteed service level, Customer might be eligible to receive Financial Credit as described in this document.
3. The Customer must request Financial Credit and must notify CAOS Support in writing within 30 days of becoming eligible for Financial Credit and must prove Failed Customer Requests during Downtime Periods. Financial Credit will be made in the form of a monetary credit applied to the next possible subscription invoice of ZITADEL Cloud,  may only be used to book services in the future, and will in no case be paid as a cash equivalent. No further guarantees are provided.
4. The Service Level commitments apply only to organizations with a subscription plan where a Service Level is applicable and does not include any other organizations of the same customer. The Customer is not entitled to any Financial Credit, if it is in breach of the Agreement at the time of the occurrence of the event giving rise to the credit.

### Quality of Service Objective

1. During the term of the subscription agreement under which CAOS has agreed to provide ZITADEL Cloud to Customer, the Customer Requests will be prioritized according to the the Quality of Service Level included in the respective Subscription Plan

Subscription plan | Quality of Service Level | Request Priority
--- | --- | ---
FREE | high | When ZITADEL Cloud receives concurrent requests, it will try to process these requests first, and with higher priority over other requests
OUTPOST | medium | Give way to requests with  priority ‘high’
STARBASE | low | Give way to requests with priority ‘high’ or ‘medium’
FORTRESS | best effort | No priority for requests

2. The Service Level commitments apply only to organizations with a subscription plan where a Service Level is applicable and does not include any other organizations of the same customer. Customers are not entitled to Financial Credit or further reimbursement.
