docs/docs/apis/introduction.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
---

> All documentations are under active work and subject to change soon!

## APIs

---

ZITADEL provides three API's for different use cases. These API's are built with GRPC and then generate a REST service.
Each service's proto definition is located in the source control on GitHub.
As we generate the REST services and Swagger file out of the proto definition we recommend that you rely on the proto file.
We annotate the corresponding REST methods on each possible call as well as the AuthN and AuthZ requirements.

See below for an example with the call **GetMyUser**.

```Go
  //User
  rpc GetMyUser(google.protobuf.Empty) returns (UserView) {
    option (google.api.http) = {
      get: "/users/me"
    };

    option (caos.zitadel.utils.v1.auth_option) = {
      permission: "authenticated"
    };
  }
```
---

As you can see the `GetMyUser` function is also available as a REST service under the path `/users/me`.

In the table below you can see the URI of those calls.

| Service | URI                                                                                                                                            |
|:--------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| REST    | [https://api.zitadel.ch/auth/v1/users/me](https://api.zitadel.ch/auth/v1/users/me)                                                             |
| GRPC    | [https://api.zitadel.ch/caos.zitadel.auth.api.v1.AuthService/GetMyUser](https://api.zitadel.ch/caos.zitadel.auth.api.v1.AuthService/GetMyUser) |

Commit message:

fix: label policy (#1828)
* fix: font color

* fix: assets from iam when policy is default

* fix: remove multiple files

* fix mock storage

* doc: add asset api

* build assets docs

* fix operator test

* docs

* fix remove assets from org label policy and not default

* fix remove label policy assets and feature downgrade correctly

* fix storage mock

* Update docs/docs/apis/apis.md

Co-authored-by: fabi <fabienne.gerschwiler@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Fabi <38692350+fgerschwiler@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/docs/apis/introduction.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
---

> All documentations are under active work and subject to change soon!

## APIs

---

ZITADEL provides four API's for different use cases. Three API's are built with GRPC and then generate a REST service.
Each service's proto definition is located in the source control on GitHub.
As we generate the REST services and Swagger file out of the proto definition we recommend that you rely on the proto file.
We annotate the corresponding REST methods on each possible call as well as the AuthN and AuthZ requirements.
The last API (assets) is only a REST API because we use multipart form data.

See below for an example with the call **GetMyUser**.

```Go
  //User
  rpc GetMyUser(google.protobuf.Empty) returns (UserView) {
    option (google.api.http) = {
      get: "/users/me"
    };

    option (caos.zitadel.utils.v1.auth_option) = {
      permission: "authenticated"
    };
  }
```
---

As you can see the `GetMyUser` function is also available as a REST service under the path `/users/me`.

In the table below you can see the URI of those calls.

| Service | URI                                                                                                                                            |
|:--------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| REST    | [https://api.zitadel.ch/auth/v1/users/me](https://api.zitadel.ch/auth/v1/users/me)                                                             |
| GRPC    | [https://api.zitadel.ch/caos.zitadel.auth.api.v1.AuthService/GetMyUser](https://api.zitadel.ch/caos.zitadel.auth.api.v1.AuthService/GetMyUser) |
