docs/docs/manuals/admin-policies.md, before:

---
title: ZITADEL Policies
---

Policies are configurations of all the different parts of the IAM. For all parts we have a suitable default in the IAM.
The default configuration can be overridden for each organization.

## General

You can find these settings in the menu organisation in the section polcies.
Each policy can be overriden and resetted to the default.

## Password Complexity

With the password complexity policy you can define the requirements for a users password.

The following properties can be set: 
- Minimum Length
- Has Uppercase
- Has Lowercase
- Has Number
- Has Symbol

![Password Complexity Policy](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_pw_complexity.png)

## Login Policy

The Login Policy defines how the login process should look like and which authentication options a user has to authenticate.

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Register allowed | Enable self register possibility in the login ui |
| Username Password allowed | Possibility to login with username and password |
| External IDP allowed | Possibility to login with an external identity (e.g Google, Microsoft, Apple, etc)|
| Force MFA | Force a user to register and use a multifactor authentication |
| Passwordless | Choose if passwordless login is allowed or not |

![Login Policy](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_login.png)

### Multifactors / Second Factors

In the multifactors section you can configure what kind of multifactors should be allowed. For passwordless to work, it's required to enable U2F (Universial Second Factor) with PIN. There is no other option at the moment.
Multifactors: 
- U2F (Universal Second Factor) with PIN

Secondfactors: 
- OTP (One Time Password)
- U2F (Universal Second Factor)

![Second- and Multifactors](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_second_and_multi_factors.png)

### Identity Providers

You can configure all kinds of external identity providers for identity brokering, which support OIDC (OpenID Connect).
Create a new identity provider configuration and enable it in the list afterwards.

For a detailed guide about how to configure a new identity provider for identity brokering have a look at our guide:
[Identity Brokering](../guides/usage/identity-brokering)

## Private Labeling / Branding

With private labeling you can brand and customize your login page and emails, that it matches your CI/CD.
You can configure a light and a dark design.

Make sure you click the "Set preview as current configuration" button after you finish your configuration. Before this it will only be set as your preview configuration.

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Logo | Upload your logo for the light and the dark design. |
| Colors | You can set four different colors to design your login page and email. (Background-, Primary-, Warn- and Font Color) |
| Font | Upload your custom font |
| Hide Loginname suffix | If enabled,  your loginname suffix (Domain) will not be shown in the login page |
| Disable Watermark | If you disable the watermark you will not see the "Powered by ZITADEL" in the login page |

![Private Labeling](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_private_labeling.png)

Commit message:

feat: Lockout policy (#2121)
* feat: lock users if lockout policy is set

* feat: setup

* feat: lock user on password failes

* feat: render error

* feat: lock user on command side

* feat: auth_req tests

* feat: lockout policy docs

* feat: remove show lockout failures from proto

* fix: console lockout

* feat: tests

* fix: tests

* unlock function

* add unlock button

* fix migration version

* lockout policy

* lint

* Update internal/auth/repository/eventsourcing/eventstore/auth_request.go

Co-authored-by: Silvan <silvan.reusser@gmail.com>

* fix: err message

* Update internal/command/setup_step4.go

Co-authored-by: Silvan <silvan.reusser@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Max Peintner <max@caos.ch>
Co-authored-by: Livio Amstutz <livio.a@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Silvan <silvan.reusser@gmail.com>

docs/docs/manuals/admin-policies.md, after:

---
title: ZITADEL Policies
---

Policies are configurations of all the different parts of the IAM. For all parts we have a suitable default in the IAM.
The default configuration can be overridden for each organization.

## General

You can find these settings in the menu organisation in the section polcies.
Each policy can be overriden and resetted to the default.

## Password Complexity

With the password complexity policy you can define the requirements for a users password.

The following properties can be set: 
- Minimum Length
- Has Uppercase
- Has Lowercase
- Has Number
- Has Symbol

![Password Complexity Policy](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_pw_complexity.png)

## Login Policy

The Login Policy defines how the login process should look like and which authentication options a user has to authenticate.

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Register allowed | Enable self register possibility in the login ui |
| Username Password allowed | Possibility to login with username and password |
| External IDP allowed | Possibility to login with an external identity (e.g Google, Microsoft, Apple, etc)|
| Force MFA | Force a user to register and use a multifactor authentication |
| Passwordless | Choose if passwordless login is allowed or not |

![Login Policy](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_login.png)

## Lockout Policy

Define when a user should be blocked.

The following properties are possible:
- Maximum Password Attempts: When the user has reached the maximum password attempts the user will be locked

If a user is locked, an administrator has to unlock it in the ZITADEL console


### Multifactors / Second Factors

In the multifactors section you can configure what kind of multifactors should be allowed. For passwordless to work, it's required to enable U2F (Universial Second Factor) with PIN. There is no other option at the moment.
Multifactors: 
- U2F (Universal Second Factor) with PIN

Secondfactors: 
- OTP (One Time Password)
- U2F (Universal Second Factor)

![Second- and Multifactors](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_second_and_multi_factors.png)

### Identity Providers

You can configure all kinds of external identity providers for identity brokering, which support OIDC (OpenID Connect).
Create a new identity provider configuration and enable it in the list afterwards.

For a detailed guide about how to configure a new identity provider for identity brokering have a look at our guide:
[Identity Brokering](../guides/usage/identity-brokering)

## Private Labeling / Branding

With private labeling you can brand and customize your login page and emails, that it matches your CI/CD.
You can configure a light and a dark design.

Make sure you click the "Set preview as current configuration" button after you finish your configuration. Before this it will only be set as your preview configuration.

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Logo | Upload your logo for the light and the dark design. |
| Colors | You can set four different colors to design your login page and email. (Background-, Primary-, Warn- and Font Color) |
| Font | Upload your custom font |
| Hide Loginname suffix | If enabled,  your loginname suffix (Domain) will not be shown in the login page |
| Disable Watermark | If you disable the watermark you will not see the "Powered by ZITADEL" in the login page |

![Private Labeling](/img/manuals/policies/console_org_private_labeling.png)
